Charts: Update Server-Side Processing Demo Desc. (#32257)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/ServerSideDataProcessing/description.md

> DevExtreme Chart supports remote data processing. In this demo, the component loads weather data for a specified month from an ASP.NET backend. When you change the selected month in the drop-down below Chart, the component sends a new query to update the displayed data. 

Reviewer: As far as I know, "backend" is rarely used as an independent noun. 

In the third sentence, it sounds like "drop down" is the one who sends queries. Btw, "drop-down" is an adjective, while "drop down" is a noun.

Lastly, "data" is actually a plural for "datum" (more datails, if you're interested: https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/data ). In most our use-cases, "data" does not need an article.

```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart supports remote data processing. In this demo, the component loads weather data for a specified month from an ASP.NET backend service. When you change a month in the drop down, the Chart component sends a new query to update displayed data. 
```

<!--split-->

> To use a remote data store in Chart, this demo implements a [CustomStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/) (within a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object) and fetches the backend in the [load](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#load) method. To process data on the server, the ASP.NET backend is configured to accept processing operations. This demo includes these operations in each request. For backend implementation details, refer to **TemperatureDataController.cs** in the ASP.NET Core version of this demo: [Server-Side Data Processing - ASP.NET Core Charts](https://demos.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/Demo/Charts/ServerSideDataProcessing).

Reviewer: I tried to shorten this paragraph a bit.

```suggestion
To bind data from a remote source, the demo implements a [CustomStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/) (within a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object) and fetches data using the [load](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/CustomStore/Configuration/#load) method. To process data on the server, the ASP.NET backend service is configured to accept processing operations in each request. For backend implementation details, refer to **TemperatureDataController.cs** in the ASP.NET Core version of this demo: [Server-Side Data Processing - ASP.NET Core Charts](https://demos.devexpress.com/AspNetCore/Demo/Charts/ServerSideDataProcessing).
```

> You can shape the loaded data within the **DataSource** as needed (for instance, apply a [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#filter) value). Disable the [paginate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate) property to prevent data partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can shape data within the **DataSource** as needed (for instance, apply a [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#filter)). Disable the [paginate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate) property to prevent data partitioning.
```

### A 1-Click Solution for CRUD Web API Services with Role-based Access Control via EF Core

If you target .NET for your backend API, be sure to check out [Web API Service](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/403394/backend-web-api-service?utm_source=js.devexpress.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=xaf&utm_content=data-layer-odatastore) and register your [free copy today](https://www.devexpress.com/security-api-free?utm_source=js.devexpress.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=xaf&utm_content=data-layer-odatastore). The Template Kit scaffolds an OData v4 Web API Service (.NET 8+) with integrated authorization & CRUD operations powered by EF Core ORM. You can use OAuth2, JWT or custom authentication strategies alongside tools like Postman or Swagger (OpenAPI) for API testing.
The built-in Web API Service also filters out secured server data based on permissions granted to users. Advanced/enterprise functions include audit trail, endpoints to download reports, file attachments, check validation, obtain localized captions, etc.

> To use the free Template Kit (which creates the Web API Service), run the Universal Component Installer from the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/?utm_source=js.devexpress.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=xaf&utm_content=data-layer-odatastore) and use our predefined template in Visual Studio 2022+.

Reviewer: I know that Denis wanted to add this note, and usually I would not change such texts, but it looks techinaclly imperfect.

The point of the template kit is to be cross-platform, and afaik users are not obliged to use component installer. They should be able to use extensions for IDE (which makes sense for DevExtreme users). Would you please double-check this part with XAF techwriters?

Author: I asked Denis to review this text so I can update it while I'm here working on this demo. The changes here were suggested by him.

Now that I think about it, though, you're right, the template kit is available on other, non-Windows/Visual Studio platforms too. I will ask him about this additional information, as well as about checking other technical details of this text with XAF techwriters. Thank you for noticing this!

Author: Denis confirmed that no further changes are necessary.
